README.md translated to English (#149)
opencovid19-fr/data: README.md

# Données nationales concernant l'épidémie de COVID19 / COVID19 epidemic french national data

L'information officielle sur la progression de l'épidémie en France est assez fragmentée, et n'est presque jamais structurée sous forme de données.
> Official information on the progression of the epidemic in France is quite fragmented, and is almost never structured in the form of data.

L'objectif de ce dépôt est de consolider l'information officielle, et de la rendre disponible dans des formats ouverts et aisément réutilisables (JSON, CSV…).
> The objective of this repository is to consolidate official information, and make it available in open and easily reusable formats (JSON, CSV…).

Inutile de perdre du temps à écrire des scrappers, à ce stade il est plus efficace de recopier les données à la main, et d'indiquer la source.
> It's useless to waste time writing scrappers, at this stage it is more efficient to copy the data by hand, and to indicate the source.

> ## Données résultantes / Results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Données résultantes / Output data files
```

> You can volunteer on a [departmental or region level](https://lite.framacalc.org/9fl9-opencovid19-frdata-volontaires).

Vous pouvez aussi consulter [le guide de contribution pour l'ensemble des projets de collecte de données](https://github.com/opencovid19-fr/comment-contribuer).
> You can also consult the [contribution guide for all data collection projects](https://github.com/opencovid19-fr/comment-contribuer).

Les contributions se font via les fichiers YAML et non dans le fichier de sortie(CSV/JSON).
> Contributions are made via YAML files and not in the output file (CSV / JSON).

Tâches :
> Tasks :

- créer les fichiers YAML manquants (:warning: vérifier dans les [PR](https://github.com/opencovid19-fr/data/pulls) que le fichier n'est pas déjà proposé)
> create the missing YAML files (:warning: make sure in the [PR](https://github.com/opencovid19-fr/data/pulls) the file hasn't been proposed already)

- vérifier les [pull requests](https://github.com/opencovid19-fr/data/pulls) en faisant une [code review](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/about-pull-request-reviews) ([tuto vidéo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HW0RPaJqm4g))

> > verify the [pull requests](https://github.com/opencovid19-fr/data/pulls) by reviewing the code ([video tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HW0RPaJqm4g)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Check the [pull requests](https://github.com/opencovid19-fr/data/pulls) by performing a [code review](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/about-pull-request-reviews) ([video tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HW0RPaJqm4g)).
```

#### Bloc YAML par région ou département / YAML block by region or department

Voici un exemple de bloc YAML pour une région ou un département:

> Here is an example of a YAML block for a region or a department:

```yaml
  nom: region-ou-departement-exemple # region-or-departement-example
  code: Exemple                      # Example
  casConfirmes: 500                  # confirmed cases
  gueris: 40 # valeur copiée du fichier YAML précédent / recovered: value copied from the previous YAML file
  deces: 10                          # deaths
  hospitalises: 10                   # hospitalized

>   reanimation: 5                     # reanimated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  reanimation: 5                     # critical
```

> The fields `casConfirmes`,` gueris` and `deces` count the total by category since the start of the Covid-19 crisis. On the other hand, the fields `hospitalized` and` resuscitation` give the number of patients by category at the time of publication of the newsletter, these 2 figures can of course go up or down.

Notez qu'il est possible si besoin d'ajouter des commentaires en fin de ligne en utilisant le caractère `#`
> Note that it is possible if necessary to add comments at the end of the line using the character `#`

Le bloc `victimes` détaille les informations du bulletin concernant les personnes décédés (et non les personnes contaminées). Attention ce champ ne comptabilise pas toutes les victimes depuis le début de la crise, mais uniquement les victimes annoncées dans le bulletin. Pour chaque victime, on ajoute un tiret `-`, puis les informations sur la personne. Si aucune information, ajoutez la date du décès `- date: 2020-03-10`. Si vous disposez de plus d'information, ajoutez un tiret `-` par victime puis toutes les informations disponibles `age`, `sexe` et/ou `date` (cf. exemple ci-dessus)

> > The `victims` block details the information in the bulletin concerning the deceased (and not the infected). Please note that this field does not count all the victims since the start of the crisis, but only the victims announced in the bulletin. For each victim, we add a dash `-`, then the information about the person. If you have no information, add the date of death `- date: 2020-03-10`. If you have more information, add a dash `-` per victim, then all the information available` age`, `sex` and / or` date` (see example above)

Reviewer: You translated the field names as well when code quoting

```suggestion
> The `victimes` block details the information in the bulletin concerning the deceased (and not the infected). Please note that this field does not count all the victims since the start of the crisis, but only the victims announced in the bulletin. For each victim, we add a dash `-`, then the information about the person. If you have no information, add the date of death `- date: 2020-03-10`. If you have more information, add a dash `-` per victim, then all the information available` age`, `sexe` and / or` date` (see example above)
```
